# House Prices Prediction

This projects is aimed at homeowners who are interested in knowing what relevant factors affect home prices and want to decide the best price for their houses based on some characteristics. In this project, I have tried to make a house price predictions using the Regression technique. I have developed several Regression models and in a later section I have decided which model is best for predicting prices for an unknown data based on several attributes. The attributes and the data used on this project are obtained from the Kaggle dataset located at this link, the house prices data are also presented on the same Github folder as this notebook. 

## Info
By doing this project, I have demonstrated a variety of data science skills. From the beginning, I have performed Exploratory Data Analysis (EDA) by making various charts to see the main characteristics and distribution of each predictor variable. In addition, I have analyzed and explored the relationship between different house characteristics in influencing home prices. Furthermore, I have determined the significant predictors of house prices by plotting Regression plots and creating a Perason Correlation Table. After that, I used the Scikit-Learn package to develop several prediction models, which are Simple Linear Regression, Multiple Linear Regression, and Polynomial Regression to predict house prices. I have also evaluated the accuracy for each model by creating charts and calculating the R-squared and MSE value. In the last section, I recommended the best Regression model by comparing different evaluation metrics among the available models.